update description about noop and none I/O schedulers (#19414)
pingcap/docs: check-before-deployment.md

- `Fast Online DDL` work area

>     When the variable [`tidb_ddl_enable_fast_reorg`](/system-variables.md#tidb_ddl_enable_fast_reorg-new-in-v630) is set to `ON` (the default value in v6.5.0 and later versions), `Fast Online DDL` is enabled, and some DDL operations need to read and write temporary files in filesystems. The location is defined by the configuration item [`temp-dir`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#temp-dir-new-in-v630). You need to ensure that the user that runs TiDB has read and write permissions for that directory of the operating system. The default directory `/tmp/tidb` uses tmpfs (temporary file system). It is recommended to explicitly specify a  disk directory. The following uses `/data/tidb-deploy/tempdir` as an example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When the variable [`tidb_ddl_enable_fast_reorg`](/system-variables.md#tidb_ddl_enable_fast_reorg-new-in-v630) is set to `ON` (the default value in v6.5.0 and later versions), `Fast Online DDL` is enabled, and some DDL operations need to read and write temporary files in filesystems. The location is defined by the configuration item [`temp-dir`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#temp-dir-new-in-v630). You need to ensure that the user that runs TiDB has read and write permissions for that directory of the operating system. The default directory `/tmp/tidb` uses tmpfs (temporary file system). It is recommended to explicitly specify a disk directory. The following uses `/data/tidb-deploy/tempdir` as an example:
```

For TiDB in the production environment, it is recommended to optimize the operating system configuration in the following ways:

1. Disable THP (Transparent Huge Pages). The memory access pattern of databases tends to be sparse rather than consecutive. If the high-level memory fragmentation is serious, higher latency will occur when THP pages are allocated.
2. Set the I/O Scheduler of the storage media.

>     - For the high-speed SSD storage, the kernel's default I/O scheduling operations might cause performance loss. It is recommended to set the I/O Scheduler to `noop`, which allows the kernel to pass I/O requests directly to hardware without scheduling, thus improving performance.

Author: ```suggestion
    - For the high-speed SSD storage, the kernel's default I/O scheduling operations might cause performance loss. It is recommended to set the I/O Scheduler to first-in-first-out (FIFO), such as `noop` or `none`. This configuration allows the kernel to pass I/O requests directly to hardware without scheduling, thus improving performance.
```

    >
    > If `noop [deadline] cfq` is output, the I/O Scheduler for the disk is in the `deadline` mode. You need to change it to `noop`.

    If your data directory uses an NVMe device, run the following command to check the I/O Scheduler:

>    
>     {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    > **Note:**
    >

>     > - If multiple disks are allocated with data directories, you need to execute the above command several times to record the `ID_SERIAL` of each disk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > - If multiple disks are allocated with data directories, you need to execute the above command for each disk to record the `ID_SERIAL` of each disk.
```
